{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20220\viewh13980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Clean or Dirty, Find Out Now \

\b0 \
Whether it\'92s a five-star restaurant or a hole-in-the-wall secret, each New York City restaurant must adhere to a standard of rules and regulations when dealing with food. With over 24,000 restaurants in the city one must question a restaurant\'92s sanitary principles at one point or another. Separate from taste and appearance, what food actually deserves an A and what food should be thrown in the can? Grade Spotter, a new iPhone app focusing on the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene restaurant inspections, helps you decide where to go. This one-of-a-kind app answers the most important question when you find your favorite restaurant with only a B standing - why? And not only does it disclose the reasons behind the violations, but it also gives you this information fast and easy. All it takes is a touch to see the letter grade of a specific restaurant.\
\
This revolutionized way of eating all started when Grade Spotter founders, Christopher Kennedy and Rich Owens, went to their favorite lunch spot one afternoon to only to find it had a \'93Grade Pending\'94 sign on its window. Kennedy was perplexed to find that Grand Sichuan had health code violations because according to his taste buds, it had the best General Tso\'92s chicken in town.  After a few weeks upon initially asking themselves why, they decided to investigate. Kennedy and Owens soon realized that their favorite lunch spot had betrayed them with its dirty habits. Notes such as \'93Live roaches present in facility\'92s food\'94 and \'93No facilities available to wash, rinse and sanitize utensils and/or equipment,\'94 were only a few things that were on the long list of hygiene faux pas. Shortly after this discovery, Kennedy and Owens took it upon themselves to make sure that the rest of New York City would not be duped. Grade Spotter helps you read between the grades and choose the best food \'96 clean food.  \
\

\b Grade Spotter Fact Sheet \

\b0 \
What: Grade Spotter is a new app that has makes choosing a restaurant in New York City simple. This new iPhone app provides more than just the ABCs of restaurants; it also answers the most important question \'96 why? This dynamic app helps people decide that the right food should always be clean food. \
\
How: Grade Spotter offers more than 24,000 New York City Health Code Inspections into a simple hand-held device that delves all the nitty-gritty details behind the grades, as well as a locator so you can see the best places to eat that are nearest to you. \
\
Founded by:   Christopher Kennedy and Richard Owens \
Launched: 	  April 2012\
Location: 	  New York City\
Availability: 	  New York City \
Platforms: 	  Apple iPhone \
Pricing: 	  $0.99\
\
More Info:        Website \'96 http://gradespotter.com\
                          Twitter \'96 https://twitter.com/GradeSpotter\
                          Facebook \'96 http://facebook.com/GradeSpotter\
                          Press contact \'96 kristina.stpeter@gradespotter.com\
\
\
\
\
\
}